please join me in welcoming two amazing
speakers we have Rina ceri she is a
managing partner at glassing ventures
and Mike Tamir head of AI at Shopify
they are going to be talking about how
Shopify is implementing an AI system
across their sales and product theme so
we are so thrilled to have both Rina and
Mike dive in a little bit more to what's
going on in the ecosystem and here some
real world examples of how Mike is doing
this work at Shopify thank you so much
Taylor hello everyone what Mike and I
thought um about doing today is how does
one think about AI adoption both at an
individual level in a business context
as well as the critical work that Mike
is doing at Shopify and has previously
done at Uber sasana amongst others as
well as in The Cutting Edge work he does
um teaching at UC Berkeley so by way of
background um I'm managing partner at
glasswing ventures we are an AI
originalist firm we in fact founded
glass back in
2016 with the goal of investing in AI
native companies that solve real
problems for the Enterprise and cyber
security markets Mike with that would
you like to do a little bit more on your
background I think I would be doing it a
diservice oh I think you did you did
more more than enough but just to recap
I I'm at one of the distinguished ml
scientists in running ml Andi functions
here lovely so let's delin the first
part of this conversation I will do a
bit of level setting around what's going
on with AI from on Enterprise adoption
and where we are in that cycle an
important um level setting um point is
the fact that today there are many
initiatives across large and midsize
Enterprises around AI in fact that we
tell our AI native companies not to lead
with AI when they're speaking to
prospective customers
because it's such a top of Mind topic
that it's a superficial indication of
interest but most of the engagement with
few notable exceptions is still at that
superficial level with early sort of
measurements if any on the impact on the
Enterprise on an adoption basis now we
have seen a few green shoots if you will
in the space particularly for example
what we saw with clay
and the impact that they have had by
bringing AI from a project silo or
customer interface type level usage to
their Core Business where they automated
700 humans and over two-thirds of
customer success is now ai supported and
generated and contributed 40 million to
their bottom line and it is because they
brought it to their core product to
their Core Business business and as we
expect in the mid and long term the
impact is sizable but they are
noteworthy because they are one of the
few companies and again Mikael talked to
what Shopify is doing as another leader
in that category that have brought AI to
the Core Business
so what is the mindset what is the
actual work that needs to be done around
building the infrastructure to leverage
AI for the core business and the highest
impact I would articulate it along three
dimensions one is software and the
technology infrastructure and how
whether it's the debt whether it's the
tech decisions whether it's the data
availability Etc but getting the
Enterprise or the facets of the business
to be AI ready the other piece is really
around cleaning the data so one is the
algorithmic side of Technology side one
is the data that you're going to feed
and often times
there is a almost naive assumption that
the data will be easy to leverage oh
it's an asset and we'll use it and
leverage it and it turns out that
oftentimes is the biggest problem and
thirdly culture culture of adopting Ai
and again we we'll delve more into this
as as we proceed in the discussion so
where are we heading therefore as as we
try to um adopt AI in the Enterprise I
have a term that I use called ambient AI
which is B basically that we let's think
of ourselves as professionals and
productivity sort of driven
professionals we will be surrounded in
and leveraging AI in this co-pilot
Dynamic and for one to rep one's mind
around what does it mean for me um to be
leveraging ambient AI if the input is
you the business individual leader
contributor your activities and your
environment and you think of that as the
input into ambient into your existing AI
tools that you've surrounded yourself
protocal piloting Dynamic the outputs
are insights that you wouldn't have been
able to derive on your own and secondly
the automation of the mundane the low
productivity highly repeatable to free
one up to be more valuable so as we
think about our roles as professionals
and what will make us successful going
forward
worth considering that in addition to
the well-tried high impact hyper
productivity people and professionals
will have one leg up if in fact they are
leveraging the tools if in fact they are
intelligent business workers not simply
in the intellectual sense but leveraging
the int intelligent
tools and as we shift to the
Enterprise it's really these topics of
data infrastructure and culture and I
will use the this layout and framework
to turn it over to Mike to talk about
the impact starting with the data my
first question stated here in fact how
do you know if you have the right data
and is data really the claim that I made
is the often times the biggest
bottleneck and the biggest
problem for this business audience not
necessarily a technical audience how do
we think about that change
first absolutely so you couldn't be more
correct that data is often the messiest
and and the time that you think you're
you're while we have the data why don't
we just get to the building the models
um when in reality it's one of these
Iceberg uh cliches where most of the
time you spend is on Gathering the data
and cleaning the data and making sure
that it's ready that it's of the right
quality and even once you begin the
modeling you're not done modeling is
really an iterative process where you
train your models you see what signal
you're getting from it you see how your
performances and this speaks to
measurement and making sure that you
have the right measures and of course
every different ml technique is going to
be slightly different but very gener
generally um and certainly when you hear
about llms and a lot of the modeling
techniques are invogue um it's trial and
error right a model will see an example
of this is what information we have and
this is what we're trying to predict
it'll take the information that you give
it of what we have ahead of time and
make its own prediction and then look at
how far it missed right how far is what
it tried to predict from the truth of
what it should have predicted and then
it'll take that error right we hear
about failure is the key to learning
this could be more true than in machine
learning machine learning literally
takes that error and with a bed of math
tries to adjust all the little prameters
all the little calculations that it
makes along the way from input to Output
in order to to make that error just a
little bit smaller the next time and
this leads into uh a lot of the things
that you have to do with your data as
best practices so if I take all of my
training data and I teach my model with
my training data to close that gap
between its predictions and what it
should have done then I might be
overfitting so overfitting is if your if
your model has taken that time to close
the gap between its predictions and what
it should have done maybe what it's done
is just learned for those specific
examples that you gave it to learn from
right and so it has overfit to those
specific examples but we don't want to
build models that can just take the
inputs you give it and give the outputs
that you told it to learn we already
have that data what we want it to do is
to learn the pattern and to learn the
pattern means we have to do all of these
different things in order to to
constrain the model in various ways so
that it predicts not just on the data
that you're giving it but it also
predicts effectively on the data that
it's never seen before we usually call
that validation data and ultimately test
data different stages for figuring out
when is uh how is this model going to
predict accurately out of samp out of
the training samp and so if I am a p&l
owner in XYZ business and I've had this
data for 20 years and Mike team is
helping me sort this out why is it
taking them multiple weeks what's so
hard hard about what's so hard about it
and there's two parts of this which also
speaks to to I think the culture right
um especially in a world where you can
talk to an llm and it seems like it's
giving you right answers and you want to
say you only live once let's just use
whatever the answers are and I'm not
going to name any deployments that have
happened in the last several months but
we all know news headlines where maybe
that didn't work out so well so having
the culture of checking your results and
making sure that you have the right
metrics to evaluate whether it's an M or
a more traditional model that's not
generating text or generating images but
just estimating numbers or estimating
classes of of whatever the task is
having that culture where you are
focusing on what are your metrics and
you're evaluating those results is
really important on the why is it taking
so long side of things when you take the
data and we're gonna have a very nice
concrete example of this towards the end
of this talk it can be very uh the goal
the business goal that you have might be
something like I want to make more sales
or I want to Delight my customer Fe
customers and see that in feedback
whatever that metric is we have to
translate that speaking to the culture
of measuring our results we have to
translate that to a concrete metric and
so this is going to be some sort of
mathematical function of saying how bad
did my prediction Miss from what I said
the right answer was and hopefully it's
very close and you get some some
fireworks now figuring out that answer
is actually very complicated it's
complicated in finance it's complicated
in producing recommendations to or
returning a search for a query there
that gap between what I want to
mathematically measure which is how the
machine is going to learn based on that
error and what my actual product result
is really matters another area where you
really have to think about what matters
is how the data is actually structured
if I give a bunch of examples where of
this is the kind of input and this is
output I would expect or this is the
kind of output I would not expect that's
going the model is going to learn that
specific pattern so if you give it bad
examples or you give it dirty examples
either examples with the wrong answers
or examples where where a negative case
doesn't isn't as informative as a almost
positive case and we're going to get
again to a concrete example of that soon
having that clean data is really going
to be the lifeblood of how the model
learned and ultimately how the product
is
successful all right continuing our
discussion on the infrastructure side if
you are a productivity business user you
can only affect the decisions that get
made at the INF the infrastructure level
so much what should one know what
constitutes a modern AI stack that
enterprises can scale on the bases of
ultimately that's going to be a little
bit dependent on the use case in the
context right every company is going to
have slightly different needs and going
to have slightly different uh
applications when it comes to doing the
the more advanced training and deep
learning models that I've been
describing you're going to need gpus for
one thing right which means you may need
a single GPU and you're a very small
startup and you're you're trying to just
work on a budget you may need a cluster
of gpus in which case you need
infrastructure Management in the last
several years uh there's been obviously
a very big shortage of gpus and so the
has historically been the the existence
of cloud platforms AWS gcp Azure has
been very helpful in sporadic needs oh I
need a I need to rent a GPU for a few
hours to do my training and then I don't
need it anymore versus purchasing or
long-term rental right where you reserve
it instance for days or for months and
that's going to end up costing thousands
of dollars in often time so being able
to size up what kind of training you
need and then picking what level of are
you going to need it at CL are you going
to need it as a reserved instance maybe
you buy your own infrastructure which is
also a you often cheaper answer if you
have if you already have an
infrastructure an non-rem infrastructure
system that's really going to depend on
what your AI training expectations are
are anticipated so I'm going to throw a
curve ball if we think about the
migration that enterprises made from on
premise to the cloud the underlying B
prop was L the variability is fairly
cheap you can ramp up fairly fast in
fact I I have this term that I use that
it's a variable fixed cost on your p&l
meaning that you can scale it up and
down the line will always be there for
you as a business and that's the cloud
cost as we move to the world of AI
nativeness and leveraging it is your
belief that the existing
incumbents will actually whatever you're
seeing with the large Foundation models
providers will become the Swiss army
knife so I'm speaking for example to the
AWS and Amazon approach where they're
saying listen you want to use open AI
you want to use
anthropic we have our offering we have
Bedrock you don't have to switch it's
going to be one more feeder so does this
line remain or do we have a new fixed
variable line it's it's a very good
question and certainly when you talk to
AWS you talk to gcp they all have
Partnerships and obviously aour are very
much or so with with open AI they have
these Partnerships but and it's worth
being aware of this using a first-party
solution with say open AI or with
anthropic is going to have different
performance different latency than if
you do it via an intermediary like a
cloud so you maybe get some Simplicity
by not having to on board different
vendors and different different support
but there is going to be an impact in
terms of performance and that's
something that might be a temporary
problem is certainly a very real
consideration he's at a high point in
this moment in time the delta in
performance or do we believe it persists
and your view is it's right now it's
worth not ignoring for the use cases
that I've had and something else maybe
hopefully transient for 24 is the option
for ad hoc gpus when you go higher than
like an L4 if you need an a100 or h100
something that can host some of these
larger large open source large language
models we talked about commodity models
what if you want to do something like a
70 B in llama or minro or mix or any of
these those are going to be very hard to
get on an ad hoc basis and you're going
to end up having to pay the price for a
reserve instance if you want to be able
to serve something like that and and
those are you've now touched on the
trade-offs between using open source
platforms versus existing World Garden
incumbents Culture how do you
effectively Implement AI from a cultural
process people point of view one of the
both beautiful but also double-edged
things that is happening with the ease
of libraries in the olden days 10 years
ago um if you want to if you want to to
to put together a model a neural net
model you would probably have to layer
it pull put it up layer by layer you'd
have to design it yourself the for the
most part now you get a pre-train
something that is to say a model that
somebody else has trained and then
you're just going to tweak its decisions
a little bit to adapt it to your
particular day or the days of coding up
your own specific classification model
or or there's a whole host of supervised
and unsupervised Etc models that you
might want to do the days of have of
having to have ml experts do that by
hand or that usually doesn't happen at
most you're doing tweaks you're doing
minor Corrections and what that means
also is that you can have non-experts
who are not used to a lot of the things
that I've already touched on like how do
you make sure that your models not cold
or fitting how do you make sure that
your data is clean how do you trust then
have the right metric so that you don't
have an embarrassing situation where
your llm offered free x of service and
now you're on the hook for actually
backing up whatever your llm did even
though it wasn't trained or aligned it's
called for that particular mistake so
enabling your engineers in order to
leverage all of these great use cases
including the models that seem to take
care of themselves sometimes deceptively
and making sure that you still have very
rigorous metric supervision and
evaluation of how your models are doing
and when the worst cases are going to
happen making sure that you stratify
another technical term that means you
consider all the different situations
carved up into little boxes so that you
make sure you're not just performing
well on one you're performing across the
board of all of the different use cases
having that strong culture to back up
the performance of your model before you
go into release is probably one of the
biggest issues in terms of having a
strong ml culture when year as it gets
easier and easier for non-experts to
start leveraging these tools and if in a
five minute conversation with a business
owner you have the opportunity to
completely overwhelm them by throwing
all sorts of technical ml
terms if that is not what they have done
day in and day out but they're very good
at running the p&l and all of a sudden
we are in a new paradigm how can they
stress test what you are doing they
don't speak your language you throw the
three-letter acronyms like where do they
find
themselves oh that's a wonderful
question I I I love it yeah so so it's
very easy to throw technical acronyms
and to maybe you go deeper than is
really necessary you when you're coming
from a technical perspective
understanding exactly what a Transformer
model does or what a multi-head
attention network does and why you need
rotary versus non-rotary embed EMB
positional embeddings or different
softmax L loss functions and temperature
that honestly doesn't make a big
difference in terms of making the
business decision oh is this model going
to perform the way I want is it going to
perform out of sample that is say when
we're live are we cleaning our data are
we using do we have metrics that match
what the model was trained to do our our
our loss function our leading metric how
did my my prediction match the truth
versus what the product is supposed to
do and asking questions about why those
match is going to be the most valuable
thing for you to dig in on because
that's what's ultimately going to
determine the performance of how your
product that's AI driven is going to
succeed I I couldn't agree more so let
me turn it over to you to Del into some
of these
examples yeah shop Shopify is one of one
of the largest e-commerce Platforms in
North America and in particular that
means making sure that we can answer a
fundamental question of if a buyer has a
query and is searching for a query which
products would match that query right
which ones are relevant matches and
which ones are irrelevant matches now
that becomes relevant when there's a
particular Merchant who's a single shop
who is using Shopify and wants you want
to and you somebody goes to that shop
and wants to search for particular
prodject products within that shop we
also have a shop app where you're
searching much other e-commerce
experience across multiple merchants and
multiple pro products that are hosted
across several different providers right
and so search relevance in those search
contexts those kind of search context
that as an end user you're very familiar
with are first and foremost very
important now there's also just making
sure that you have high quality right if
I search for boots and I end up with
boot socks and boots and ski ski boots
and lot of things that might not be
relevant I need to be able to evaluate
that and I need to be able to evaluate
that say on the first and different
results to make sure that when we do
these key searches we're giving the end
user buyers the right kinds of results
and to do that we need to have an
evaluation me right how does this
product match with this quy and again
this goes back to what I've been banging
banging the drum on all along is you
need to care about your metric
so this is as much a metric as a product
itself Mike if I may interject because I
think we can't stress the metric Point
enough it's also not all metrics are
created equal across different
businesses so what's a good enough
metric I'm going to make up basic
example if I search for an item on
Shopify the boot example and I get the
right item 50% of the time that might be
great or not you will tell us what's
relevant in one context but completely
insufficient in another context so tell
us a little bit about not all results
are created equal back to this metric
point it context matters sure yeah and
maybe to your point in product search
there there's two Dimensions that or two
two principle directions that you might
want to have relevance in right one
might be I'm looking for a product and
so I want to see that product right want
I'm looking for boots I want boots
another might be I'm shopping for boots
and so I'm going to buy boots and I'm
going to buy socks that match the boots
and I'm going to buy maybe some cleaner
that that makees sure that my boots stay
in in Nice condition in the weather in
the winter time so cross selling and
relevance right and these can actually
be two different metrics and maybe what
you would want to do is have one metric
that shows for direct relevance and
another that shows complimentary
relevance right and then it is somewhat
a product decision of how much you want
to balance these but it's also something
that you can balance with GM with with
your your bottom line right with how
much new you know if we balance for say
50% are going to be direct on the nose
relevant 50% are going to be more
complimentary maybe if we tweak that to
6040 or 7030 you might actually see a
change in your bottom line and that's
the sort of that's the way your product
your end goal is going to be determined
by certain parameters that you choose in
your actual model deployment and so back
to this interdependency between your
teams and your organization and the the
p&l owner or the merchandiser whoever is
responsible for the business unit and
that bottom line H how does that
interaction back and forth work whatever
tweaking you are doing on 40 or 50% or
2% Improvement has ramifications in
terms of their bottom line but also the
sources that you have leveraged so if we
wanted to we express the metric in terms
of results for the End customer in this
example what about from an Roi
perspective how much do you have to put
in to get what out yeah so there's a
couple aspects to that one is as a data
person obviously I love seeing the
numbers and letting the numbers tell me
and so having experimentation being able
to experiment with to take the simple
example of how to you balance these two
kinds of experiences is one answer and
then you need to invest in
experimentation Frameworks right and
hopefully you again these things get
easier and easier as there's existing
open source Frameworks and and tools
that vendors that you can leverage for
that that's one answer the other answer
is really keeping close communication
with your stakeholders this really
speaks to the the the culture aspect of
it right just having ml ml engineers and
ml scientists working in a vacuum and
coming up and saying this is your model
I'm going to go work on the next fun
technical thing is a mistake and it's
been a mistake and we've seen different
versions of this back when you my job
title was called data scientist and that
was all all that was the only kind of
title there was you what you need is to
have a pretty mix you need to have
engineering for serving you need to have
your ml scientists and engineers and you
need to have product you need to have
product every in the trenches with your
ml Builders so that way they can
understand what are the pros and cons of
not just making a tweak in a parameter
and what a metric is but also that key
that that key value that I keep driving
home which is does does your end goal
product metric and what you want to get
there match your your metrics that your
model is trying to learn from and that's
going to make a huge difference in terms
of what the what you actually see when
you get your bottom line results got it
vectorization and multimodal llms llms
most people have heard in one form or
another multimodal is initially we
started with text to text now it's text
to image text to video 2D to 3D Etc
theorization in plain English and then
how that come Bears relevance in the
context of the exchange we've just had
yeah we had in the good old days it was
keyword search right and people have
learned oh I just put in one in the good
old days maybe 15 years ago when you're
searching you search for one word you
don't really phrase it in a sentence you
don't talk to Google that way at least
you used not to do that because it's
just looking for the main words it's
ignoring the we call the unimportant
words and trying to match those in the
products or what or whatever it is that
you want to do you want to search for
right documents if you're doing if
you're doing a search on web pages for
is it's a somewhat complex to topic
which really can be boiled down to to a
very simple image which is in a
multi-dimensional space and you can
imagine three every word in its context
and every image in its context can be
represented as a point in that space and
if you're doing your vectorization
correctly then similar words from
similar context or similar images are
going to end up located in that similar
part of the space right so all your cat
pictures are going to end up here all
your dog pictures are going to end up
close to the cat pictures but not the
same place all of your I fireworks
predictions we've seen a lot of those
are going to end up way far away from
those and the words corresponding to
those are going to be in if you do it
right your image vectorization where
you're pictures end up as a point in
that space are going to end up in the
same part of that space as your words so
if I describe cat it's going to end up
where the cat pictures are if I if I
describe a dog it's going to end up
where the dog pictures are and when I
say in context what I what if I say bank
if I say bank I could say the robbers
were leaving the bank and they were
going at high speed and crashed into the
river bank and I've said Bank twice here
and those are very different words right
one is going to be in the the second one
in that context is a place by a river
the first one is a place that has money
and so modern techniques for
vectorization have done a very good job
of looking at the rest of the sentence
looking at that context and figuring out
that the first instance of the word goes
where with pictures of Industry
industrial places that manage money and
the other one has pictures of rivers and
that sort of thing it what Mike just
described is about 80% of the backbone
of gen and why we have the ability to
interact with some of the applications
in plain English and get humanlike
interactions because all leveraging
these Vector Technologies and delivering
what's called embeddings which is really
leveraging the vectorization through
deep learning just so that folks
actually internalize what this all needs
yeah and and when you hear embeddings
it's it's pretty much a synonym to how
I'm using the word iation it's embedding
the word or the image into a vector
space so Mike you're using this and how
you're constructing the whether it's the
merchandising the images the text the
descriptors pricing are you leveraging
AI for dynamic pricing of any kind so
Dynamic pricing is is a complicated area
and very generally I know from past
lives you never want to do Dynamic
pricing you want to do Dynamic discounts
as a as a product framing bit of advice
now certainly having tools helping U
Merchants to understand things like
demand and supply curve and how that
those trade-offs are that's certainly
something and that that Shopify is
interested in providing for merchants as
as the first-party customers of Shopify
we want to give them the tools so they
can be effective entrepreneurs real
quick just to frame the evolution of
what's going going on here right we
started with keyword matching then we
might pair vectors right and typically I
had on the priv previous slide Crossing
coding and two towers these are just
very technical neural network
architectures where we actually look at
the vectors at the same time versus
looking at the
vectors separately and if you want if I
do a query I don't want to have to
compare that query to every single
product across all of Shopify let alone
even maybe in a single the large
Merchant and because it's not skillable
if you have hundreds of millions to
billions of products search for you
can't do that not scalable we mean is
very expensive to from a compute
perspective y expensive yeah expensive
and and obviously prohibitively it would
take too much time in order to return it
that dollars so that's one side of and
and that is in terms of serving in terms
of giving results when pres somebody
produces a query you're you're going to
want to sever those now if you want to
just look at quality and you can do just
smaller quality checks then you can look
at them simultaneously you can get a
little bit more information the same
story is now true with llms llms if you
domain adapt them right that is say you
train them on your data and have them
learn your specific behaviors that you
want to see correctly can be very good
at also taking in a slower context I I
look through this query I have this
product are they relevant together or
I'm I have this product what are the
relevant features what are the
attributes what are the what are the
sorts of
structured features if you have a
t-shirt you might it might have a v-neck
it might have a turtleneck it might have
different colors what sorts of thing can
I extract about this image and this
product description that I can use in
search queries down the line and so llms
are remarkably almost too good to be
true effective at this sort of work good
what's the cons they're very slow and
they're very expensive and if you pay a
commodity llm which right now does
usually beat out open source lolms
you're going to end up paying per token
and you can't scalably if you have the
right size of a business do this for
every query or every kind of use case so
what do you do you might want to take an
open source model and do what we call
distillation distillation is a technical
term it means I have a small model I
have the answers that I've gotten my big
model I know what goes into the big
model and what comes out of the big
model and so I train my little model to
learn to meit the big model answers
right and how's that different than fine
tuning uh so fine-tuning is you might
have any size model the parameters are
already trained on a lot of data by
someone else for their data and that
data might be close to your but it's not
exactly the same data as yours so if I'm
going to fine-tune my model I'm going to
take my specific data and I'm going to
adapt to my specific domain on my data
the base model so for an l M context
llms are really remarkably great at
grammar and understanding the subtle in
these days understanding the subtleties
of language and often doing multilingual
things and there's a lot of Baseline
things that I don't want to put in the
work on that right that work has been
done and it's been done very effectively
and there's no re to have no reason to
have everyone be another open AI or
another anthropic when it comes to
Baseline but when it comes to my
specific dat or whatever it is I'm going
to want it to be extra extra good at
those nuances and there are all sorts of
ways of fine tuning there are all sorts
of ways of there's a whole lot of
technical literature on different ways
that you can adapt your model to your
specific data that's spine tuning is
what the main line and so back to your
example you were going to do the llm the
large language model and then almost
like a small language model that's
separate from fine-tuning you're fine
tuning on top of the llm this is above
and beyond sits on top of it I just want
to make sure people C anage of it okay
yeah so you fine tune your smaller open
source and when I say smaller it might
be 7 to 70 billion not so small just
small compared to the bigger ones right
you might find tune it in order to mimic
the performance of the large commodity
model got it I know we have some more
context but what do you wish I had asked
you about your work that we didn't get
to maybe it'd be worthwhile just
spending 60 seconds to talk about the
difference about the data issues because
we we we Easter egged that yeah so in
particular let's think about search
results how do you get data you want to
train your model to produce good
examples for a query and know how to
avoid bad examples for a query how do
you train your model to do that there's
lots of ways we can do it we can have
humans do it and come up with thousands
thousands of examples and that could be
expensive we can ask an llm to do that
and that is a new dimension in terms of
data management that's now available but
now we're trusting our llm for the
answers that we're going to build our
entire foundations on and so you need to
have other ways of validating that
information making sure that it's not
wrong that you're not just trusting the
LM to avoid what's comant be known
hallucina is hallucinations inations
absolutely and so with your so you could
also use your own data right you can
have positive examples oh those are the
things I searched for something I bought
it I clicked on it I bought it that's
definitely a success it gets really
subtle when you have negative examples
right because if I search for boots and
I show a Christmas tree that's not going
to the model is not going to learn much
from saying oh that was wrong right it's
going to learn a lot more by showing its
sneakers or by showing its sandals and
saying that's because it's closer to
what would off sensibly be correct so
thinking about that data and working
with product working with how do we
carve up the different space of possible
answers and understanding how you can
think about what's negative example
versus what's a positive example in
combination with maybe asking your llm
to find things that are close but not so
not but no cigars so as speaked that's
really where a lot of this we talked
about data work is the bottom of the
iceberg I think that takes so much time
that's where a lot of the hard work
comes
in and any prospects for automating the
data prep and what data scientists and
data Engineers do because it's so
laborious and boring for them and
they're so expensive and can create so
much value yeah and I it's it's a a
little bit of a of a skilla and peribus
right there's a balance here between
trusting trusting your llm implicitly
and never supervising it versus versus
using you not using an llm and then
being stuck paying humans to do things
that maybe an llm can do for you and so
finding out different layers of I'm
going to generate some candidates with
my LM then I'm going to have humans
evaluate the quality of their results or
maybe I'm going to have llms find the
potential negative values and but have
humans actually curate those values and
make sure that they're actually good
negative values balances of those and
ask and then paying you the the people
that you spend the big bucks hiring in
order to do the statistics and make sure
that this this layering of strategies is
correct that's a great place for them to
spend time rather than cing up neural
networks from Scrat which is I think of
the past so with that I think we started
our discussion with there is a lot of
trial and error and I think we're ending
with trust and verify but thank you so
much Mike Gina thank you so much for the
very informa of session and for all the
details thank you